Updated README to be more doc-like (#31)
bobanetwork/snap-account-abstraction-keyring-hc: README.md

This repository contains the official Account Abstraction - Hybrid Compute snap.

## Audit

> The snap has been audited by Sayfer, [report](https://sayfer.io/audits/metamask-snap-audit-report-for-enya-labs/)

Reviewer: Let's keep this

> [Hybrid Compute](https://docs.boba.network/hc) utilizes [Account Abstraction](https://docs.boba.network/developer/features/aa-basics) on Boba Network to engage with off-chain APIs seamlessly. Account Abstraction authenticates your transactions with ECDSA private keys (as well as lowering your costs by bundling your transactions). Hybrid Compute enables you to engage with GenAI or any other off-chain data, increasing the power and interoperability of your MetaMask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hybrid Compute](https://docs.boba.network/hc) utilizes [Account Abstraction](https://docs.boba.network/developer/features/aa-basics) on Boba Network to engage with off-chain APIs seamlessly. Account Abstraction authenticates your transactions with ECDSA private keys (as well as lowering your costs by bundling your transactions). Hybrid Compute enables you to engage with GenAI or any other off-chain data, increasing the power and interoperability of your smart contracts.
```

Unlock the power of real-world data for Web3 with the Account Abstraction - Hybrid Compute snap; a single line of code is all it takes.

## Install the Snap

> To install the snap, follow [this link](https://hc-wallet.sepolia.boba.network/) and select "Install Snap & Connect." This will also connect your MetaMask to the Boba Sepolia Network. You can then create your "AA HC Wallet" account; we recommend creating it deterministically, though you have the option to import a private key instead. If you choose that option, *please* ensure you back up and save your private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the snap, follow [this link (only Boba Sepolia as of 21 Nov 2024)](https://hc-wallet.sepolia.boba.network/) and select "Install Snap & Connect." This will also connect your MetaMask to the Boba Sepolia Network. You can then create your "AA HC Wallet" account; we recommend creating it deterministically, though you have the option to import a private key instead. If you choose that option, *please* ensure you back up and save your private key.
```

This repository contains the official Account Abstraction - Hybrid Compute snap.

[Hybrid Compute](https://docs.boba.network/hc) utilizes [Account Abstraction](https://docs.boba.network/developer/features/aa-basics) on Boba Network to engage with off-chain APIs seamlessly. This enables you to engage with GenAI or any other off-chain data you can imagine. Leverage Hybrid Compute to increase the power and interoperability of your MetaMask.

Unlock the power of real-world data for Web3 with Hybrid Compute; a single line of code is all it takes.

## Audit
The snap has been audited by Sayfer. You can find the report [here](https://sayfer.io/audits/metamask-snap-audit-report-for-enya-labs/).

## Prerequisites

Snaps is pre-release software. To interact with (your) Snaps, install:
- [MetaMask Flask](https://metamask.io/flask/), a canary distribution for developers that provides access to upcoming features
- `yarn`
- `npm`

## Cloning

> Clone the template-snap repository [using this template](https://github.com/MetaMask/template-snap-monorepo/generate) and set up your development environment.

Reviewer: that's the tutorial for creating your own snap :-P. 
Goal is that developers understand how to use our snap.
